# <center>**计算机网络**</center>  

## **Homework 1**  
1. **What is the difference between a host and an end system?List several different types of end systems. Is a Web server an end system?**  

There is no difference between a host and an end system. End systems include PCs, workstations, Web servers, mail servers, PDAs.    

2. **Suppose there is exactly one packet switch between a sending host and a receiving host. The transmission rates between the sending host and the switch and between the switch and the receiving host are R1 and R2, respectively. Assuming that the switch uses store-and-forward packet switching, what is the total end-to-end delay to send a packet of Length L?(Ignore queuing, propagation delay, and processing delay.)**  

There is a router between the sending host and the receiving host, the total end-to-end delay is L/R1 + L/R2.  

3. **Consider sending a packet from a source host to a destination host over a fixed route. List the delay components in the end-to-end delay. Which of there delays are constant and which are variable?**  

Delay components: processing delays, transmission delays, propagation delays and queuing delays.Among these, processing delays, transmission delays, propagation delays are constant and queuing delays is variable.  
***  
## **Homework2**  
1. **Obtain the HTTP/1.1 specificationRFC(2616).Answer the following questions:  
a. Explain the mechaninsm used for signaling between the client and server to indicate that a persistent connection is being closed.Can the client, the server, or both signal the close of a connection?  
b. What encryption services are provided by HTTP?  
c. Can a client open three or more simultaneous connections with a given server?  
d. Either a server or a client may close a transport connection between them if either one detects the connection has been idle for some time. Is it possible that one side starts closing a connection while the other side is transmitting data via this connection? Explain.**  

a. Persistent connection provides a mechanism that can be notified by the client or server to terminate TCP connection by including the connection-token "close" in the Connection-header field. The client and the server can both signal the close of a connection.  
b. HTTP does not provide encryption services. It can't ensure safety.  
c. No, it can't. According to the specification, A single-user client should not maintain more than 2 connections with any server or proxy.  
d. Yes. According to the specification, when one side starts closing a connection, in its view, the connection is idle, but from the view of the other side, a request or a reponse is in progress.  

2. **Write a simple TCP program for a server that accepts lines of input from a client and prints the lines onto the server’s standard output. (You can do this by modifying the TCPServer.py program in the text.) Compile and execute your program. On any other machine that contains a Web browser, set the proxy server in the browser to the host that is running your server program; also configure the port number appropriately. Your browser should now send its GET request messages to your server, and your server should display the messages on its standard output. Use this platform to determine whether your browser generates conditional GET messages for objects that are locally cached.**  

```python  
from socket import
serverPort=8000
serverSocket=socket(AF_INET,SOCK_STREAM)
serverSocket.bind(('',serverPort))
serverSocket.listen(1)
connectionSocket.addr = serverSocket.accept()
while 1:
    sentence = connectionSocket.recv(1024)
    print 'From Server:', sentence, '\n'    
serverSocket.close()
