## Homework - week 2

### P5. 

> Review the car-caravan analogy in Section 1.4. Assume a propagation speed  of 100 km/hour. 
>
> a. Suppose the caravan travels 175 km, beginning in front of one tollbooth,  passing through a second tollbooth, and finishing just after a third toll-booth. What is the end-to-end delay? 
>

The time taken by a car to travel 175 km = 175 km / (100 km/h) = 1.75 h

The tollbooths service time = 12 * 10 * 3 sec = 6 min

end-to-end time delay = 1.75 h + 6 min = 111 min

***

> b. Repeat (a), now assuming that there are eight cars in the caravan instead  of ten
>

The tollbooths service time = 12 * 8 * 3 sec =288 sec = 4.8 min

end-to-end time delay = 1.75 h + 4.8 min = 109.8 min 

***

### P7. 

> In this problem, we consider sending real-time voice from Host A to Host B  over a packet-switched network (VoIP). Host A converts analog voice to a  digital 64 kbps bit stream on the fly. Host A then groups the bits into 56-byte  packets. There is one link between Hosts A and B; its transmission rate is  10 Mbps and its propagation delay is 10 msec. As soon as Host A gathers a  packet, it sends it to Host B. As soon as Host B receives an entire packet, it  converts the packet’s bits to an analog signal. How much time elapses from  the time a bit is created (from the original analog signal at Host A) until the  bit is decoded (as part of the analog signal at Host B)?

The time for converting = 56 * 8 / (64 * 1000) = 7 ms

Transmission time = 56 * 8 / (10 * 1000000) = 0.0448 ms

Propagation delay = 10 ms

total time = 7 + 0.0448 + 10 = 17.0448 ms

***



### P25. 

> Suppose two hosts, A and B, are separated by 20,000 kilometers and are connected by a direct link of R = 5 Mbps. Suppose the propagation speed over  the link is 2.5 * 10^8 meters/sec. 
>
> a. Calculate the bandwidth-delay product, R * dprop. 
>

dprop = 20000 * 1000 / (2.5 * 10^8) = 0.08 s

R * dprop = 5 * 1000 * 1000 * 0.08 = 400000 bits

***

> b. Consider sending a file of 800,000 bits from Host A to Host B. Suppose  the file is sent continuously as one large message. What is the maximum  number of bits that will be in the link at any given time? 
>

The bandwidth‐delay product is the maximum number of bits that can be in the link

800000 bits > 400000 bits, so the maximum number of bits that will be in the link at any given time is 400000 bits

***

> c. Provide an interpretation of the bandwidth-delay product. 
>

The bandwidth‐delay product is the maximum number of bits that can be in the link 

***

> d. What is the width (in meters) of a bit in the link? Is it longer than a  football field?
>

The width of a bit in the link = 20000 * 1000 / 400000 = 50 m

A football field is 91.44 m

So it is not longer than a football field

***

> e. Derive a general expression for the width of a bit in terms of the  propagation speed s, the transmission rate R, and the length of the  link m
>

The width of a bit = m / (R * dprop) = m / (R * m / s) = s / R

***



## Homework - week 3

### P6.

> Obtain the HTTP/1.1 specification (RFC 2616). Answer the following  questions:
>
> a. Explain the mechanism used for signaling between the client and server to indicate that a persistent connection is being closed. Can the client, the server, or both signal the close of a connection
>

From section 8.1.2 in RFC 2616, we can know that: 

Persistent connections provide a mechanism by which a client and a server can signal the close of a TCP connection. This signaling takes place using the Connection header field. And either the client or the server can indicate to the other that it is going to close the persistent connection.

An HTTP/1.1 server MAY assume that a HTTP/1.1 client intends to maintain a persistent connection unless a Connection header including  the connection-token "close" was sent in the request. If the server  chooses to close the connection immediately after sending the response, it SHOULD send a Connection header including the connection-token close.

An HTTP/1.1 client MAY expect a connection to remain open, but would decide to keep it open based on whether the response from a server contains a Connection header with the connection-token close. In case the client does not want to maintain a connection for more than that request, it SHOULD send a Connection header including the connection-token close.

***

> b. What encryption services are provided by HTTP?
>

HTTP does not provide any encryption services.

***

> c. Can a client open three or more simultaneous connections with a given server? 
>

From section 8.1.4 in RFC 2616, we can know that:

Clients that use persistent connections SHOULD limit the number of simultaneous connections that they maintain to a given server. A single-user client SHOULD NOT maintain more than 2 connections with any server or proxy.

***

> d. Either a server or a client may close a transport connection between them if either one detects the connection has been idle for some time. Is it possible that one side starts closing a connection while the other side is  transmitting data via this connection? Explain
>

Yes. A client might have started to send a new request at the same time that the server has decided to close the "idle" connection. From the server's point of view, the connection is being closed while it was idle, but from the client's point of view, a request is in progress.

***



### P12.

Write a simple TCP program for a server that accepts lines of input from a client and prints the lines onto the server’s standard output. (You can do this by  modifying the TCPServer.py program in the text.) Compile and execute your  program. On any other machine that contains a Web browser, set the proxy  server in the browser to the host that is running your server program; also configure the port number appropriately. Your browser should now send its GET  request messages to your server, and your server should display the messages  on its standard output. Use this platform to determine whether your browser  generates conditional GET messages for objects that are locally cached.

```java
import java.io.*;
import java.net.*;
public class TCPServer {
public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("start");
    String message=null;//存放接受的字符串
    try{
        ServerSocket ss=new ServerSocket(5656); //port:5656
        do{
            Socket st=ss.accept();
        	BufferedReader input=new BufferedReader(new InputStreamReader(st.getInputStream()));//创建一个从Socket中读文本行的流
            message=input.readLine();//读取客户机发送的一行文本
            System.out.println(message);//在屏幕中打印出来
            input.close();
        	st.close();
        }while(!message.equals("end"));//接收到“end”就结束通信
        ss.close();
    }catch(Exception e){
        System.out.println("It didn't work!"+e);
    }
}

}
```

